
# Thesis Code Information  

This contains all the code used to generate data and cetain figures for my Master's Thesis. Quite a bit of rough work is also mixed in here as well, especially intermediate outputs that were dumped into the main folder during testing. Also some of these files notebooks and scripts didn't end up being used. Most of the code is in notebooks that were adapted from previous projects and scripts I wrote in 2022 and 2023. I also had a chronic tendancy to fill up a notebook until it was difficult to edit, and then transfered the sections I was working on into a new one, which makes the notebooks even more fragmented.  

## Important Notebooks  

I will quickly highlight the important notebooks for the Thesis content.  

**DUF4176_gnn_data_extraction.ipynb** takes the SQLlite files produced by the [EFI-GNT webserver](https://efi.igb.illinois.edu/efi-gnt/), converts it into useful tables, filters the data and generates statistics about the phylogenetic information contained within. **DUF4176_gnn_2.ipynb** combines the data from the previous notebook with data retreived from Uniprot and creates many of the graphs for Figure 2. **DUF4176_basic_overview.ipynb** produced other charts for Figure 2 and computed more taxonomic statistics. **DUF4176_structure_plots.ipynb** was used to create plots from PDB files and ChimeraX outputs. **DUF4176_LogoMaker_Session.ipynb** was used to create sequence logos from data generated by [Skylign](http://skylign.org). 

Unfortunatley some of the input files generated by EFI-GNT are too large to be uploaded to github. If one wishes to use the original code, please download the files from [google drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UhfB90UCsj3jYG1Z_ev2NYcR4r-PEVl4?usp=drive_link) and add the to the input_files/ directory. 

Other code that is related to the thesis but not directly in the figures is in the [supplementary_thesis_code repository](https://github.com/dirkgreb/supplementary_thesis_code). 

